Include NoVPAJpeg.v2 to support JPEG files using Preview. (#1)
b-ggs/h110m-d-hackintosh: README.md

## System Configuration:

* Intel Core i5-6600 3.1 GHz
* 16 GB DDR4 RAM (2x8 GB 2133 and 2400 sticks)
* 120 GB SSD
* Sapphire RX 460 2 GB (has DisplayPort, DVI-D, HDMI ports)

## Working

* Intel HD 530 standalone via WhateverGreen
* Sapphire RX 460 2GB as main card via WhateverGreen
* Networking via Realtek8111
* ALC887 via AppleALC

## Miscellaneous Kexts
* NoVPAJpeg to support viewing JPEGs using Preview

## BIOS Configurations
* CSM (Compatibility Support Module): Enabled
* Intel Virtualization: Disabled
* VT-d: Disabled
* Primary Display: PCIE
* iGPU Multi-Monitor: Disabled
* Serial Port: Off
* Parallel Port: Off

## Known Issues

> * Monitor connected to DVI port does not work on startup. However when the monitor wakes up from sleep it works fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Display connected to DVI port does not work on startup. One workaround is to put the system to sleep. Upon wake, the display works fine.
```

## Sources
* https://github.com/volca/asus-h110m-k-d3-hackintosh
* https://www.insanelymac.com/forum/topic/334881-how-to-fix-quick-look-and-preview-issues-in-mojave/

> * https://github.com/vulgo/NoVPAJpeg/releases

Reviewer: I don't think this is a source
```suggestion
```
